Write a web based application for managing a set of discussion groups called "Spark Clubs". The 
application will use MySQL to store the data.

The home page will have a button "request an account". When clicked 
the user will be prompted to log. If 
successful the user will be asked to supply first name, last name, 
email address, zip code, and an optional one paragraph bio. The system 
will not allow two users to have the same email address. A user will be 
created that is in "pending" status.

There are four typers of users: super admin, site admin, member, pending. When users 
are created they are type pending.

A super admin can do anything the other member types can do. In addition,
a super admin can change the type of a user to super admin. A super admin can
change the user type of another user so that they are not a super admin. A super
admin cannot change the type of their own user.

A site admin user can see a list of all users. A site admin can change a 
user from one type to another. A site admin cannot change any attributes of
a super admin. A site admin can not change their own user 
type. A site admin can change any information of any other user. A site 
admin can create a new Spark club. A site admin can assign a user to a Spark 
club. A site admin can make a member of a Spark club a Spark club admin for 
that Spark club. 

A club has a name, a short description, a zip code. A club can have one or 
more club admins. A club has members. Club members can be active or pending 
or removed. A club has Topics. A club has an ordered list of hosts. A club 
can have one or more events.

A Topic has a title, a 16 
character free text field called tags, a date created, the member who 
created it, status, a list of club members who are interested in the Topic, 
a list of club members who are willing to lead a discussion of the Topic, a list of club members who are not interested in the topic. The Topic status can be one of: pending, 
active, inactive, hidden.

An event has a list of Topics, a start date/time, an end date/time, a location, 
a host, and a list of members attending. An event can have a status of 
pending, active, or inactive.

A club admin can see the names of all the members of their club. A club 
member can change the status of a club member from pending to active. A 
club admin can remove a member from the club. If a member is removed from 
a club, the Topics they have created remain in the club. A club admin can 
add a club member to the list of club hosts. A club admin can change the 
order of the club hosts. A club admin can change the status of any Topic 
in the club. For each Topic a club admin can see the names of the members who have set
a status for the Topic. A club admin can 
see a list of club events. A club admin can create a new event with pending 
status. A club admin can change the status of any event. A site admin is a 
club admin of every club.

A club member can see the names of other members of the club and who are the 
club admins. A club member can see all Topics in the club with a status of 
active or inactive. For each Topic a member can see a count of the members 
who have set a status for the Topic. A club member can 
create a Topic in that club. A new Topic has a status of pending. Each Topic 
title in the club must be unique. For each Topic a club member can set their status. A club 
member can sort the Topic list on any field. A club member can remove themselves 
from any club. A member can belong to more than one club. A club member can see 
a list of public clubs and ask to be added to that club. A club member can see a list 
of active events. A club member can add or remove themselves from any event 
that has a start date/time in the future. 

In addition to these specified features, add any features you think might be 
useful to our users.

Be sure to create a readme file with installation and high level operational 
instructions. Be sure to include the full text of this prompt in that file.
